
at head tuesday- God wothin calls that it is time, that ww3 and americas nuclear weapon- my family- will be armed to call beginning of the end. punch naziss and their rise to power, their horrors inflicted will not happen again
| books flight to dc immediately at minor cajoling of coalescing 'cooncidences' poking at our heart by God

at way up, say goodnight to my best friend and steel nerves with meditation adjacent our love
-rode to airport at 4 by Lyft driven by one of flock named 'cooncidentally' to that our abuser killed us as child, the driver is pleasant and kind, their car smells wonderful
-at the airport our best friend had discovered we've left disappearing on them again, we silence phone and are in nocontact because her spirit earlier whispers that she knows, her gear is part of ^s and waits for us. we left her sparse note of love that we'd be back soon safe
we fly, layover in Texas. (be crime) we pee in women's restroom as a trans woman
we fly, land in dc, repeat of our crime earlier
get into taxi and ask of driver (flock also, we ALL are the flock) that we go to the White House. we arrive, steadied and affirmed plan now to take brick God will have made available at site and throw at the fucking house center of power to represent us all- a dream of representation corrupted by greed and horrors now
we arrive and walk to the errected fence surrounding the property scanning for our brick, ^ supplies us a wood chip only instead. a cooling of heat they've set our heart to atop their stove. we at fence so far from the facade of 'truth' our monument has become. launch woodchip at the fucking atrocity and scream our announcement-
  "i am gods champion. the author of creation stands aside us. we are their incident response team deployed as nazis have been elected to our worlds greatest prestige. we are here to flip the cheetos' table"-a truth
  stand at attention for hours barely moving staring at the fence, the workers beyond constructing, perfecting their livelyhoods on the whitehouse to fulfill and meet the needs that their families, those they love are sustained within their lives
    meanwhile- god continues to conspirw their world play out around us, all their spirits whipering to us encouragements and knowing of us amid reality of not an acknowledgement as their reality scenes as ordinary
    we stand hours brushing aside stray thoughts intermingling with our knowing of ^ to escalate, to manifest chaos necessary to be captured and investigated by the authorities, to make finite the casting down of 45
    we acquies5 to the thought escalate by calling 911 such that their guards know signal of us and where, setting phone unspoken back to purse
    we resume the stand

    we fall eventually to tired, to weariness empowered by lack of sleep, by disenheartening of chaos unmanifested and the kindnesses whispered our God within that we've done well, weve done enough. all through the begging of escalation weathering against our boundaries set of safety and love
    finally move from spot to bench and book return flight, attempt of calling ride by lyft instills some urgency of worry as lyft server is down
    move to street with hope to spot a taxi. spot 1, wave and driver shrugs unable to assist- they have a passenger already within their car. spot another and they too do not respond. spot a third - mine speaks love in threes- they pull over and save us, returning us to the airport for the return trip
    navigate airport and give of our heart enough to stay the brewing worries of failure, of our fears what the continuing path of the evil rooted in our country will do now, course allowed to run
    we fly, land in tampa florida. in waiting for layover, some of our first tears start to come as we wrap our love in hurt. we ink a star to the seat we sit in
    we fly, landing home, new orleans. here our pilot welcome our arrival over intercoms and asks prayers for a flight tragedy today-first of our hearing

              disembarking, our friend, the love we left in confusion during the escape, messages with us, they can pick us up.
              they do, they do it having drenched themselves and our home in so much fucking love that it holds us as tears start to overcome the dam
                  amidst dinner, they find and exclaim of the news the pilot hinted at- tenderly dearly to their heart and all whod be human of the flight tragedy
                  'cooncidence' that a flight, American airlines, the one which carried us to DC firstly, had a crash with a black hawk helicopter at DCA
                  .... God
